100
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
Don't step on the broken glass.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
We have a lot of rain in June.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
Flying fish few by the space station.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
Flying fish few by the space station.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
She advised him to come back at once.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
The old apple revels in its authority.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
I want more detailed information.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.